who was fighting for their life so hard they left their rings in the hop bathroom
kappa, aphi ragier than kappa in a stereotypical sorority way kde ragier than kappa in a fratty way chi delt not super ragey? close sisterhood sig delt crunchy/wgss vibes axid, kd
a lot of wood on the green
thinking about how no one will remember Dean Lively when the ‘24s are gone 🫢
why do we have absolutely minimal information about green key
XHome top haus
Not sure if this is a phi delt psyop or GDX psyop or tri kap erasure…
dm / flitz the people you crush on on last chances
One doesn’t know true Nirvana until you find a cool, clean, empty, secluded place to take a shit on campus.
we should do a giant block party on webster on a different weekend than green key
Novack is free today!
It would be so nice to have normal functioning washers and dryers for once
Tired of doing something and then a white male doing the EXACT same thing and getting the credit for it
Matched with my crush on last chances I hope he flitzes me
In my Adele era rn and I cannot believe what a powerful voice she has and what bangers she made so young wtf
finally caught frat flu. it was a good 5 week run tho
Is it me, or are people complaining less about school compared to previous terms
"Psi us have told me multiple times that my girl friends are allowed upstairs but I have to stay down on the first floor That house is genuinely full of entitled freaks who are all creepy as fuck"
dropping the “Have you ever been in love?” question the very next time we together after we just met and had sex once is 100% not and never going to be the vibe or move.
How do you tell someone you’re not interested in them because of something they did without saying it was something they did?
Happy Sunday Dartmouth!! Today will be another rainy day with a low of 43 and high of 52! Spend some time for yourself today! Catch up on work and enjoy the rest of the weekend!!
Started hanging out with the person I matched with and realized we wouldn’t work in a relationship. It sucks but at least I know now.
i fall into a deep, melancholy hole of nostalgia every damn time i think of the quarantine of 2020.
CJW 25 psyop
if you invented a hand held ice rink I would commit every ounce of my attention to pitching it to foco. So done with being sent survival mode anxiety the entire 34 seconds my cookie is on that plate.
boycott tdx tails
Being able to use dining dollars on vending machines should be a thing
your college experience is what you make it. no matter what the circumstances are, it’s all about you and what you are doing with your time! make the best out of ever situation possible!
Another productive work session ruined by DPlanxiety
Do people dislike gappers? Especially 24s to 25s?
i think that short period of time that snack bars didn’t accept swipes had to be one of the most depressing dartmouth eras
I’m the type of friend who records everything because you never know when that photo or video is all you have left of a person.
"thought i was over my situationship until i smelled his cologne in public"
Anyone who says roster is probably the one getting those 3am booty calls because they were option Z for the night
Definitely a 26 who got rejected from Harvard and every other school they applied to
how am i supposed to tell my neighbors that i can hear every single word of their bizarre sex roleplay
Not my Dartmouth. Why is everyone so soft. Sns was right. Dartmouth has gone soft
fr how do you have fun on this campus without going out im just not a party person
26 + narp + no internships alert
I love sharing this moment in time with y’all here at Dartmouth. Feeling really blessed to be here
How do I send this to my roommate without sending this to my roommate?
this crack between collis and robo is mildly shaped like africa
dds finally confirmed how much they mark stuff up. 2.5 dds to 1 usd
finally caved and skipped my 9L. the downwards spiral commences
That’s not nice, I think they have a redhead too
to the person who asked me what my pronouns were and i laughed in their face in freshman fall, i am so sorry, that was inconsiderate of me, i hope you are doing well now, and i think i am healing
Aphi DEI is a joke! Where is the diversity? Ranging from platinum to dirty blonde?
Get that Brown shit outa here, we ain’t no pussys
Instead of letter grades, everything should be Pass or Fail everyone’s  college experience and mental health would be so much better.
kissing as a prerequisite to nothing > kissing just to go through the motions of it before sex
So glad Malala doesn’t have access to Dartmouth fizz
Overheard a group of betas talking about how micro brews is overrated since all the chicks there are 21+
people don’t talk about the fact that dirt cowboy is a front enough
yes, it’s another rainy day BUT just think about how good the sunny days are going to hit after this gloomy stretch
Now I know why people settle for average ass jobs. This college shit hard
If I (Asian male) am still single by the end of this Asian American month, y’all gotta be haters
just had a dream my boyfriend cheated in gonna go start an argument
can we collectively agree that last chances should only be for actual crushes can’t keep getting my hopes up w these fake matches
i hate when professors say to work w someone you haven’t before like why would i do that. what benefit does it bring me besides immense social anxiety
that was me and im not a psi u stop believing fizz dm’s
It’s been raining for the past week. If this keeps up ima be depressed again
Social climbing is the epitome of psi u rush and it’s just a shame
so excited to start my social life over after graduation. nyc is limitless
Too poor to order food, too defeated to go to Novack
You gotta have some big balls to say some crazy shit on ig while you’re school is following you
I want to make last chances but you get to pay $1 to reveal a random match
boys teaching their girlfriends how to lift … gives me hope for society
PB used to give every student two GK guests for free
I kinda like this girl…but have never talked to her…Should I send her a flitz?
Upvote if you didn’t hook up green key weekend
It’s such a red flag when men have an enormous social media presence. Like wyd getting girl levels of likes on your posts
All of these age gap questions after 26’s obviously hooked up with upperclassmen over Green Key
when Dartmouth prioritizes writing ur essay instead of eating 😍
Snapchat AI is an incel
How do you accidentally cheat on your boyfriend? Peeps here will do anything to avoid the blame
Ngl if he’s legit cute it’s way more attractive than being affiliated
shoes soaked from moshing at GDX? shove a copy of the dartmouth review in them. maybe even grab your neighbors copy for good measure. you’ll thank me later
you’d think i’m the clit the way XH rubs me the wrong way
Does a story like mean anything
a man gave me his number instead of his snap… is this… love?
To the TDX that shoved me last night: we went over headshots with HPO this morning. You broke a toe. My lawyers are standing by
Would be funny if they came back because they forgot something
short handsome men
chose to party day and night with friends and do not regret it
Girls, would you hookup with a guy who was younger than you?
I just saw a green key tiktok that was so cute and restored my faith in this school. I love it here we have such a strong community
Borg morgue
some of the dds workers are so sweet they actually melt my heart
the best part about living in my LLC is that I never get the Dartmouth review dropped at my door step
Who enjoys kissing?
I could do 6 more days of greenkey
There are some closeted cougars at this school but you didn’t hear it from me
Foco cant afford Spotify premium… just heard an add
Fuck SNS
Everyone scrambling to get that fizz clout
Any girl that squats
Girls at darties hold white claws they won’t finish and hug other girls saying “oh my gosh I love you so much” then turn around to their friends and say “she’s such a bitch”
Upvote if foco late nite music is better than any frat rn
Anyone else not care about Saturday green key
The guy at foco who gave a girl walking back to river in the torrential downpour a garbage bag to stay dry… and then the DDS workers wanted to report him for “stealing” garbage bags
Listen we don’t care if you steal from novack but maybe stay away from the armored bank trucks bro
Y’all need to take a leap of faith and flitz your crush on here. Time is limited, might as well try and spend it with someone you enjoy.
Would u date a ran through baddy?
Some of y’all NEED to flitz the people you’re commenting and upvoting on the LC post. It’s end of term, sure, but put urself out there and shoot your shot b4 ur crush is cuffed. learned the hard way
I’ve ordered doms every day since thursday
tongue
"girl: you gotta be a fibonacci mouse if you think we fuckin"
Is it illegal to wear athlete merch if you’re not on that team? (Not from a hu)
The only guys I’ve ever met who genuinely care about this stuff, like not just saying it around their homies to seem all masculine but genuinely acting on it, are chronically online and get no play
Last chances, THE OLD TRADITIONS AARREEE FAILING
My bf and I made it thru 3 consecutive terms of mismatched d-plans. If they wanted to, they would
Having last chances down as a 23 is really fuckin w my vibe
pov finals gave u a stress rash
is there a difference between being rich humble and poor humble
Can last chances at least release the unguessed names
Can you buy Ozempic with DBA
I’VE BEEN SAYING THIS!!! sanborn, tower room, 4FB, stacks, and east reading room are all supposed to be dead silent. if you want to talk go literally anywhere else in the lib.
Is it creepy to dance to no music
do you think that if your freshman year friend group lasts until senior year, it also means it will last for life
Wish we could rate our group tutors
ass, grass or gas
6/16 of the final senior masters teams are from phi delt
what was that dean lively quote about maple syrup and time
Living in the ghetto to maximize the amount I save during my internship
Went on a date last night with a herot
Lost in the foco basement rn if only I had a big sexy psi u to protect me
My professor accused me of cheating on the exam like no sir I’m not doing this rn go fail somebody else
Since last chances is broken, post the initials of your crush here. If you see your initials, dm that person. Stay thirsty Dartmouth
What’s a bequest, a bad gift?” — person visiting Dartmouth
the anti-woke crowd today is the same crowd that said they were "going to war with yolo" in 2012. i love that the term is already losing meaning and the people who use it looking increasingly stupid
Don’t worry everyone. Micro rizzed my crush tonight. Fall is going to be good
Heard a rumor about a friend fucking a prof. It got debunked pretty quickly, but I still couldn’t look at that prof the same way again. My innocence is irreversibly lost even though nothing happened
Sawtooth: 1, HOP
now that i’m graduating!!! PEACE OUT FUCKERS!!! I HATE EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU AND I WILL NEVER SEE ANY OF YOU UGLY FUCKS AGAIN. FUCK DARTMOUTH
Bruh, you ghosted him. Why wouldn’t he?