Today is the day I finally steal from Novack. Wish me luck
Honestly I WISH it was just 2.5:1. The grab-n-go chicken curry at the hop costs 11 dds. I found the EXACT same item at the grocery store for 2 bucks. That’s a 450% markup. That should be illegal
Day 32 of reminding everyone who’s trying to improve themselves that I’m proud of them
23W
Babe you don’t love him you just haven’t gone to therapy yet
I need a pause button right fucking now or im gonna have a breakdown
"best isolated places to drive to and scream ponds creeks whatever "
who TF is EB25 and why is she making her existence everyone at novack’s problem
Honest question— how does it feel to have rich parents/don’t have to worry about financial stability? - a low income student who wishes to be rich one day
genuine question are we allowed to ask sisters for their IGs during pre rush events
Babe wake up! SS just went on another homophobic Instagram streak!
Yeah it’s kinda weird if someone can tell if I’m pretty just by talking to me a couple of times
Is it wrong to be mad at my boyfriend if he drinks and smokes every day but is academically responsible and is doing well in all his courses?
Good Morning Dartmouth!! Today will be another rainy day (only 2 more) with a low of 42 and high of 51! Take some time to catch up on work, study for exams, and enjoy yourself!! You deserve it!!
finally caved and skipped my 9L. the downwards spiral commences
maybe she’s going thru some issues/too depressed to text ppl. but i agree, can be hard if you don’t know what’s happening on her end
POV: My broke ass in the novack disappointed as hell for the 1904th time
Who put you in charge of deciding what medicine is ethical to treat people’s disorders with?
massive roach infestation outside sig ep . oh wait it’s just their pledge class
Trying to keep my distance from a dead situation-ship cause she ghosted me out of the blue but it’s hard ngl
how are there not more QSS majors it’s so practical and useful
lmao where i come from when you misbehave you are getting a full beat down a spank won’t cut it
robo or toto
Is last chances actually not showing accurate matches / number of people crushing on you?
My situationship seems to be over, taking applications (F4M)
I’m a gov mod. econ major, what seems like the most baller minor
A key genre of fizz is fake stories about fake rich people to generate upvotes and artificial outrage
anyone getting unusual traffic recaptchas from google on eduroam wifi
Aphi
Y’all are gonna hate on me for this but white spanking hits different bc it is planned and scheduled
y r all the qss majors weird
VW ‘25 pi kap
Can someone tutor me in orgo?? I will pay u money pls help
pretty sure that all the posts hyping up SS ‘26 were just written by SS ‘26…
I want to make last chances but you get to pay $1 to reveal a random match
Where do u find the last chances link
Who the fuck is shouting like theyre getting murdered outside mass row
Too poor to order food, too defeated to go to Novack
this crack between collis and robo is mildly shaped like africa
How do you pick up a green key ticket if I’m off this term?
do your friends know what you fizz about
if i'm off this term how do I get a gk wristband
ppl in relationships: do you think about past partners/hus often?
My second chances doesn’t show matches at all, I tried to match with one of my friends. So if you crushing and didn’t get a match so just know there’s still hope.
are psi u and tdx still fighting why are golf tails and psilent disco the same night
PB used to give every student two GK guests for free
Reading is a hard skill for 26s
When do we need to get sign up to get our green key bracelets?
If I’m off this term do I still get a free Green key ticket?
Aphi DEI is a joke! Where is the diversity? Ranging from platinum to dirty blonde?
Telling people I’m dating a tuck guy (I’m not) just to see their reactions
I wish there was a delete button on last chances
Nothing makes a rainy day worse than crispy lettuce in a Novak sandwich
So glad Malala doesn’t have access to Dartmouth fizz
how many people crushing on u in last chances
My least favorite part of Darkside is when they make everyone sit underneath their housing community banner
dds finally confirmed how much they mark stuff up. 2.5 dds to 1 usd
Diane at FOCO
god bless the pasta people at collis. they always make my bad days better
I go on fizz sometimes literally to just stir the pot
I think athletes quit because the social scene isn’t tied with athletics and athletes are friends w/ non-athletes unlike other large schools
So is boloco at collis not a thing anymore?
How often do you eat at Foco?
Cause we’re the smallest Ivy. It’s hard for us to be good or stay good at any given sport.
Chronically online fizzers after making another joke about beta’s liking freshman or PsiU’s fucking a turkey:
Put past situationships into last chances if they didn’t work out for silly reasons/you still think they’re cute
Life here as a narp seems so easy
I have never met half of the people I put into last chances so they’ll never figure out who put them in
can we collectively agree that last chances should only be for actual crushes can’t keep getting my hopes up w these fake matches
Was every person at Gillette stadium a dartmouth student?
Why do I always want people I can’t have? I feel a normal level of interest when they reciprocate, but when I feel them pulling away or losing interest, I become obsessive
to the 4 guys crushing on me: my type is men who take initiative and approach me btw!!! you have no competition!!!
Lib admins working overtime to censor anything that doesn’t align with their extremist views
How many last chances crushes do u have
MFer is ‘trying to move on from a traumatic moment’ by milking every ounce of clout out of it he can.
How much clothes should I pack for an FSP? And do I just buy clothes/ pillows there??
i need to learn how to value myself more, my self esteem is absolute shit
I’m tryna to rizz up some ladies like Brock but actually be successful
Ladies, if you had big tits and were wearing a revealing top, would you be offended if a guy glanced at your chest?
Ngl if he’s legit cute it’s way more attractive than being affiliated
Good luck to everyone who is transferring to another school!
When I’m presenting and some student starts asking me a question
Genuinely had no idea eating beef was so bad for the environment. About to speed this shit up.
These bitches can stare at my dick when I’m wearing sweats and it’s fine but when I glance at their tits I’m a creep. Fuck y’all hoes.
thinking about the time i told a guy my family was financially struggling bc of the pandemic and he told me to invest in the stock market
theeeeeere it is aaaaaagain! that funny feeling!
i wonder how many times my bf has upvoted one of my fizz posts without knowing it was me
I don’t like do be interrupted by drunk noises when I’m taking a shit at 4am
"It depends on the unaffiliated guy. If he never rushed but has friends in & out of Greek Life. If he rushed and was dropped everywhere "
so every 2-3 weeks i get tested for covid(and diseases just to be safe) and this girl wanted to have sex with me for a while and i told her if she fee comfortable to get tested and she blocked me
Anxious to see how many people I thought were my friends unfollow me immediately after graduation
For f who failed, I’m happy to give back to my community and help you out cuz I’m such a good guy
Me trying to convince myself he likes all her bikini pics because he likes the nature in the background
why does it feel like dartmouth is especially sensitive to even the smallest of age gaps (that are legal ofc)? like i never heard my friends from other schools care ab it as much 😭
And it probably won't because that's not how guys operate
Houston is too specific but girls at southern state schools in general are on a whole other level
Girls will vote yes on this poll then go post something on their story about loving dilfs
I feel like in hookup culture you have to make the active choice to distance yourself from the person/limit time with them or you’re basically signing up for catching feelings
Omg i know exactly who u r talking ab. Thank u sm for ur totally not pointless post!
Sometimes I forget some of you never aged since high school and still judge each other as if you’re teenagers
This shit kind of hits in the feels right before grad. Time really isn't like maple syrup in the end.
Which frat is most welcoming to blonde guys?
Since its the end of the term its that time of year in where I steal peoples orders
The only guys I’ve ever met who genuinely care about this stuff, like not just saying it around their homies to seem all masculine but genuinely acting on it, are chronically online and get no play
Can someone motivate me to get out of bed and eat something
Is there a lost and found for student ID
Hello! can someone who has extra dba and has already left campus order me some food on Get please
ladies, what feels better
Yes we’re hanging out with Betas
the last time i’ll ever see him and he was with someone else. i never got the chance to tell him how i felt about him but he seemed happy, i hope he is happy
As an upperclassman it’s not the # I care about but like if it was a bunch of my friends or somethin
I have a high body count as a man and will admit I do not remember most of their faces, names or bodies. They were just an outlet for my pleasure. I’m trying to change that.
As a guy who has 100+ body count I felt so much male privilege this morning. Keep tearing each other apart girls
i hate when hoes switch their hair and expect me to recognize them one day they repunzel the next day they mr clean
If they suck in bed you can always teach them you can’t take back bodies
yes their new contract requires them to be open from now thru interim to accommodate the pan orgy
is novack open
I know this is ironic, but would you please shut the fuck up and just fight in the comments this is your third refizz/screenshot
It be embarrassing sometimes to click the no tip button while the cashier is giving you eyes contact
Is it just me or do you not give a flying fuck about a final coming up. I Ligit don’t care
When you doing an exam and it’s nothing like the practice one
I need to get my period rn or I’m gonna have it when my long distance bf is here I’m gonna scream
Saving yourself for marriage should not be frowned upon
Whoever is practicing flute FULL BLAST in the river rn, at 8AM during finals, has got to be the least self aware person  on this campus jfc
Is Novak open
Legit question: Why would people think that being drunk would take away your ability to consent? Title IX/NH law say its legal and its not like ur suddenly unaccountable for other decisions u can make
Don’t worry everyone. Micro rizzed my crush tonight. Fall is going to be good
Last chances are down, so take a chance with me rn
Anyone that leaves Zyns in front of Bildner Hall within the next hour will get 20 bucks, dm when left there and come to Life Sciences Center for
some blond white man just took his shirt off in foco late night? it was really gross
It’s okay and normal if your freshman year friends don’t last until graduation. Lots of those friendships are friendships of convenience because you were on the same trip, live on the same floor, etc.
Lost my ID at foco today
Keggy is overrated and lame and I don’t like him (the mascot refused to take a picture with me at homecoming)
whoever was shit talking some LA girl everyone in the masses could hear your entire conversation.
I find it so funny the only Greek organization whose members put their affiliation in their bio is aphi