Someone stole the damn house cup
dds finally confirmed how much they mark stuff up. 2.5 dds to 1 usd
Who stole the house cup
Petition to stop all laughter on 3fb I stand by this for 2 reasons 1) it’s annoying and I’m trying to work 2) it is unacceptable for anyone to be happy at this academically rigorous institution
The fact that Dartmouth’s house system is just a cheap copy of Harvard’s system thats been a part of Harvard for forever is so embarrassing. Greek life is what dartmouth has and it should embrace it
Whoever created a two room triple is the biggest dumbass to ever exist
Frats best qualities: Sig nu- safest space Zete- supports bands SAE- auggie🐶 Chi gam- dance forever Phi delt-all vibin music/pong Beta- welcoming to 26s BG- no cares, do what u want PsiU- philanthropy
Me saving the file for my midterm project
They giving out coochie for free at green key
just got walked past … as a Fast Walker Identifying Person this is crushing for me
As a 25, I’m just gonna be real because nobody ever is. Rushing a “good” house changes your life here. It’s all ~80% of ppl here care about. Ppl get SO shallow and dismissive after rush, it’s shocking
i kinda miss online school when you could get away with shit like this. now i just skip class
I like dartmouth’s culture in many ways but I just wish greek life weren’t EVERYTHING. I was excited to escape cliques, popularity, etc. in college but I feel like I’m trapped in high school part 2
Got a job and matched with my crush on last chances and now it’s sunny! A good week in Hanover 🤩
Overheard a group of betas talking about how micro brews is overrated since all the chicks there are 21+
this crack between collis and robo is mildly shaped like africa
as a student at dartmouth . i was rejected by only one fraternity. phi delt . because i was uncircumcised, and apparently you need to be a complete dick to get in.
Wym I can’t email DDS and lie saying my ex stole the cup
when you wake up in the morning and sit in the edge of ur bed like
no sorry I can’t I’m super busy watching a 12 part DUI arrest body cam footage on tiktok
Well that’s it. You’ve done it. The worst fizz post of all time. Congrats. We can all die happy now.
This person’s going to be blown away when they find out about layuplist
I kinda like this girl…but have never talked to her…Should I send her a flitz?
DDS needs to cut prices by like 50%, this is ridiculous. We should protest or something
"Students: “we want carti for green key” PB: “nah, we got carti at home” Carti at home:"
Suppressing Greek life just puts more pressure on existing houses and makes everything more exclusionary. The college should support more new houses if they want a more inclusive social space
Greenkey
I wish there was a delete button on last chances
The timber sports team after cutting down 3 forests and 2 national parks to get enough wood for their competition
My two cents as a senior, it is so depressing seeing the same cycle of people who care for about 2 weeks about the predatory and unsafe environments created by the same 3 frats, and then just move on.
boycott tdx tails
thinking about how no one will remember Dean Lively when the ‘24s are gone 🫢
i think that short period of time that snack bars didn’t accept swipes had to be one of the most depressing dartmouth eras
Fast and Furious: Tuck edition
"Upfizz if you have an innie Downfizz if you have an outie"
Petition for late night to be more nutritious
DWR
3am coach tails
Happy international women’s day! Upvote to change the name of McNutt to McClit in honor of women everywhere
Manifestations for this term: 1. 3.7-4.0 2. Swim in the river 3. Good project groups 4. At least 1 DFMO 5. Flitz someone 6. Check a book out from the lib 7. Complete one of the 7 8. Go on hikes
The boys are back at the Fayes
Upvote if i should use my off term to go on Love Island
Math 10 is so tough might have to NRO
my fav thing as a novack worker is when very buff tall mean-looking guys are really kind and order the sweetest drinks possible like yes king i hope you slay your day with that iced caramel macchiato
Upvote if Collis should be open on weekends
What does foco want us to do with this information when none of those foods are available at foco…
My prof j rejected my pine lunch invitation
The dichotomy of people trying to spend 200+ dba before they leave and the people who are going negative and out of swipes
California kids walking from Baker Berry to foco today
Biggest disappointment at Dartmouth is hands down the DOC. I just wanted a normal group to do cool outdoors shit with. Not some incestuous cult
at foco i gave the dds worker my id and said “good morning” at 2 pm; he chuckled and said “one of those days huh”
can’t make this shit up @ XH
Psi us
ok listen SOMETIMES U JUST HAVE TO PICK YOUR NOSE OK
I am so here for the Ledyard x CnT beef
Is it just me or does 8 hours of sleep not feel the same anymore
Scenes tn Lingerie @ Tabard SD @ Psi u (Borg tails) KDE @ Chi gam (country club tails) Tails closed until midnight
Think I secured the woodstock invite?
petition to add a little room on 3fb where I can smoke a j and then get back to work
Ledyard could write a CNT email, CNT could never make this
Carlo ‘26 at the fashion show last night… that man can walk
Salmon at dinner tn the first recorded instance of foco using seasoning
The green better be perfectly green with all this rain
DDS making foco good tonight and giving extra options is only because they are filming false advertising. Would be nice if it could just be like this without an ulterior motive
group of 26 girls surrounding one guy being loud asf on ffb
I don’t understand how ppl on 3fb can shamelessly talk at a normal speaking voice. Like are you that socially unaware???
My two cents as a senior, it is so depressing seeing the same cycle of people who care for about 2 weeks about the predatory and unsafe environments created by the same 3 frats, and then just move on.
CJW 25 psyop
People I’ve never had a conversation with giving me the dirtiest looks 😭😭
Upvote if you didn’t hook up green key weekend
Upvote to have a good green key
What kind of sick fuck makes something due green key Saturday
bro tryna get a six pack three hours before green key. we support
The guy at foco who gave a girl walking back to river in the torrential downpour a garbage bag to stay dry… and then the DDS workers wanted to report him for “stealing” garbage bags
Profs who assign an unprecedented amount of working on week 8 leading up to green key deserve nothing but hell
I could do 6 more days of greenkey
social media ruined females & porn ruined males.
I HATE how overused the term “trauma dump” is. If your friends make you feel like you can’t talk about your mental health, they aren’t friends. There’s a diff between occasional vs excessive openness
Am I the only person that scrolls through literally every class offered to know all of my options
This girl is accusing me of SA because she cheated on her bf with me and doesn’t know what to do
Good Sam when Bad Sam walks in
Wristband theft was an inside job. You didn’t hear it from me
this close to taking boomer advice and searching for internships by walking into the office and giving the boss a firm handshake
to whoever kept sharting their pants near the front of the crowd, fuck you
Convinced students at this school create problems out of thin air bc they have too much privilege to experience real problems
I keep thinking I’m never gonna see her again then she reappears in my life. I think it’s fate at this point
I've missed more musical sets than I'd like to admit due to being attached to a beautiful alcoholic white woman at the hip
Can we all agree that if you don’t leave anything by a machine or bench at the gym, you have no claim to the space?
i’m choosing my mother fucking happiness and sanity and dropping this fucking school
Upvote if foco late nite music is better than any frat rn
Dartmouth destroying more money by planting grass two days before green key
What kind of sick fuck makes something due green key Saturday
In response to DDS allegations of theft from Collis market. Y’all stay safe out there
I feel like there should be an unspoken rule that student orgs can’t put “this is a flitz!” or “last chances match!” in their blitz subjects
at foco i gave the dds worker my id and said “good morning” at 2 pm; he chuckled and said “one of those days huh”
Anyone else not care about Saturday green key
Athletes otw to their layups
The water fountain on FFB no longer takes 5 minutes to refill
You didn’t complain about Green Key being on Gold Coast Lawn right next to Lord, Gile, Streeter or complain about frat row being next to the Choates or Hanlon’s house. It’s giving something else
To the 26 and vaguely ski patrol children in 1902 yelling and playing videos out loud, you can hear screeching out on blobby. Maybe frolic elsewhere on like FFB or in the fayesment
I’VE BEEN SAYING THIS!!! sanborn, tower room, 4FB, stacks, and east reading room are all supposed to be dead silent. if you want to talk go literally anywhere else in the lib.
Since last chances is broken, post the initials of your crush here. If you see your initials, dm that person. Stay thirsty Dartmouth
anxiety tails ffb + blobby. research 3fb. crying stacks (dry event). pset tails sex building. breakfast Lou’s (6:30 am)
Upvote if you made the right choice going to school here
hey where the fuck was foco pancake night this term
The official update on Last Chances
If you’re LGBT+ you can legally steal from DDS this month
We should treat Winter Carnival next year like Green Key. Legit concerts etc
Went on a date last night with a herot
People who you meet once but always say hi to you.
this finals period is finals perioding harder than any finals period has finals perioded to date (help me)
i feel like im gonna pass out from the anxiety that my final is today
When you’ve never stepped  foot outside your boarding school
reminder to those doubting themselves rn that you have done this finals shit before and you absolutely can do it again
Dear moron on 3fb, Turn off the god damn ringer on your computer. Everyone in the library has heard close to 100 “dings” in the last 20 minutes.
a reminder to let your last chances crush know you like them!!! the year is ending!!!!!
society if every dorm had the stacks ac
Free ahmir till it’s backwards
Sure. Pine Park has probably my second happiest trail.
Upvote to have a good green key
Hinman moving to Foco is the best change this college has had in years
Stop worrying about lastchances this is your last chance to save your GPA
NARPS on their way to winter rush ready to be dropped again
It’s despicable that my collis smoothie is 9.49. It’s more than a lunch swipe. I pay 2000$ a term for food. Get your shit together.
Athletes otw to their layups
Dartmouth: The D-plan is great
I just crushed a spider that was crawling on my neck. This is the most ultimate final last straw of every last straw that was ever final
They don’t get paid for being closed lmao what’s your point
Ong id be so pissed if one of my texts ended up here
she changed something and affected all of us. i don’t know what it is but i can feel it
If dartmouth ever had to send people on a survival camp they should send members of south house as they’ve survived the heat of the fays and topliff
people who are able to eat alone are hot. cause apparently too many of y’all fr rather die than eat alone in public
All I think about when I see these cute pics of girls sitting in fields are  the ticks
So fake lmao Panarchy has never promoted an event
Some of y’all NEED to flitz the people you’re commenting and upvoting on the LC post. It’s end of term, sure, but put urself out there and shoot your shot b4 ur crush is cuffed. learned the hard way.